README.md, before:

# KubeToy
## v1.5.0
### Tested with ICP versions: 2.1.0 - 2.1.0.3

A simple Node.js application that deploys to IBM Cloud Private.  It is used to help 
explore the functionality of Kubernetes.  This toy application has a user interface 
which you can:

* write messages to the log (stdout / stderr)
* intentionally crash the application to view auto repair
* toggle a liveness probe and monitor kuberenetes behavior  
* read config maps and secrets from environment vars and files
* if connected to shared storage, read and write files

KubeToy can be installed via helm chart or directly with these [kubernetes definition 
files](https://github.com/IBM-ICP-CoC/KubeToy/tree/master/deployment).  

**[Adding Helm chart repository](documentation/AddHelmRepository.md)**
Add the IBM Cloud Private Center of Competency Helm chart repository to your ICP cluster.

**[Deploying KubeToy from Helm Chart](documentation/DeployHelm.md)** Deploy an older version of the chart 
from the Helm catalog, verify it is working, then upgrade to the latest version.

**[Playing with the logs](documentation/Logs.md)** 
Use the app to write to the logs, then view the logs in the UI and via Kibana.

**[Crash the app](documentation/Crash.md)**
Intentionally crash the application and watch it self heal.

Commit message:

updated config page, more documentation.  upped point version

README.md, after:

# KubeToy
## v1.5.1
### Tested with ICP versions: 2.1.0 - 2.1.0.3

A simple Node.js application that deploys to IBM Cloud Private.  It is used to help 
explore the functionality of Kubernetes.  This toy application has a user interface 
which you can:

* write messages to the log (stdout / stderr)
* intentionally crash the application to view auto repair
* toggle a liveness probe and monitor kuberenetes behavior  
* read config maps and secrets from environment vars and files
* if connected to shared storage, read and write files

KubeToy can be installed via helm chart or directly with these [kubernetes definition 
files](https://github.com/IBM-ICP-CoC/KubeToy/tree/master/deployment).  

**[Adding Helm chart repository](documentation/AddHelmRepository.md)**
Add the IBM Cloud Private Center of Competency Helm chart repository to your ICP cluster.

**[Deploying KubeToy from Helm Chart](documentation/DeployHelm.md)** Deploy an older version of the chart 
from the Helm catalog, verify it is working, then upgrade to the latest version.

**[Playing with the logs](documentation/Logs.md)** 
Use the app to write to the logs, then view the logs in the UI and via Kibana.

**[Crash the app](documentation/Crash.md)**
Intentionally crash the application and watch it self heal.

**[ConfigMaps and Secrets](documentation/Config.md)** Explore configuration options for apps 
deployed to ICP.

**[Shared Filesystem](documentation/Filesystem.md)** Use the shared files system to store and read 
content across all instances of the application.  File information is persisted even if the app
crashes.

**[Ingress](documentation/Ingress.md)** Show how you can, with the help of nginx you can set up an
ingress for this app, with your own custom certs providing SSL protection.
